org/apache/cordova/device/Device.java
 org.apache.cordova.device.Device
io/ionic/keyboard/CDVIonicKeyboard.java
 io.ionic.keyboard.CDVIonicKeyboard
 io.ionic.keyboard.CDVIonicKeyboard$1
 io.ionic.keyboard.CDVIonicKeyboard$2
 io.ionic.keyboard.CDVIonicKeyboard$3
 io.ionic.keyboard.CDVIonicKeyboard$3$1
com/sarriaroman/PhotoViewer/PhotoViewer.java
 com.sarriaroman.PhotoViewer.PhotoViewer
org/apache/cordova/camera/ExifHelper.java
 org.apache.cordova.camera.ExifHelper
org/apache/cordova/contacts/ContactAccessor.java
 org.apache.cordova.contacts.ContactAccessor
 org.apache.cordova.contacts.ContactAccessor$WhereOptions
org/apache/cordova/splashscreen/SplashScreen.java
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$2
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$3
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$4
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$4$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$5
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$5$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$6
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$6$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$7
org/apache/cordova/contacts/ContactManager.java
 org.apache.cordova.contacts.ContactManager
 org.apache.cordova.contacts.ContactManager$1
 org.apache.cordova.contacts.ContactManager$2
 org.apache.cordova.contacts.ContactManager$3
 org.apache.cordova.contacts.ContactManager$4
com/adobe/phonegap/push/PushHandlerActivity.java
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushHandlerActivity
com/adobe/phonegap/push/PushInstanceIDListenerService.java
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushInstanceIDListenerService
org/apache/cordova/statusbar/StatusBar.java
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$1
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$2
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$3
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$4
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$5
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$6
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$7
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$8
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$9
com/saarthi/apnatruckkhata/BuildConfig.java
 com.saarthi.apnatruckkhata.BuildConfig
com/ionicframework/cordova/webview/UriMatcher.java
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.UriMatcher
com/saarthi/apnatruckkhata/MainActivity.java
 com.saarthi.apnatruckkhata.MainActivity
com/ionicframework/cordova/webview/IonicWebView.java
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.IonicWebView
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.IonicWebView$1
com/ionicframework/cordova/webview/IonicWebViewEngine.java
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.IonicWebViewEngine
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.IonicWebViewEngine$1
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.IonicWebViewEngine$ServerClient
org/apache/cordova/whitelist/WhitelistPlugin.java
 org.apache.cordova.whitelist.WhitelistPlugin
 org.apache.cordova.whitelist.WhitelistPlugin$1
 org.apache.cordova.whitelist.WhitelistPlugin$CustomConfigXmlParser
com/sarriaroman/PhotoViewer/PhotoActivity.java
 com.sarriaroman.PhotoViewer.PhotoActivity
 com.sarriaroman.PhotoViewer.PhotoActivity$1
 com.sarriaroman.PhotoViewer.PhotoActivity$2
 com.sarriaroman.PhotoViewer.PhotoActivity$3
 com.sarriaroman.PhotoViewer.PhotoActivity$4
 com.sarriaroman.PhotoViewer.PhotoActivity$4$1
org/apache/cordova/camera/FileHelper.java
 org.apache.cordova.camera.FileHelper
com/adobe/phonegap/push/FCMService.java
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.FCMService
org/apache/cordova/camera/CameraLauncher.java
 org.apache.cordova.camera.CameraLauncher
 org.apache.cordova.camera.CameraLauncher$1
org/apache/cordova/camera/FileProvider.java
 org.apache.cordova.camera.FileProvider
com/adobe/phonegap/push/PushConstants.java
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushConstants
org/apache/cordova/contacts/ContactAccessorSdk5.java
 org.apache.cordova.contacts.ContactAccessorSdk5
com/adobe/phonegap/push/PushDismissedHandler.java
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushDismissedHandler
com/adobe/phonegap/push/BackgroundActionButtonHandler.java
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.BackgroundActionButtonHandler
com/adobe/phonegap/push/PushPlugin.java
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$1
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$10
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$11
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$12
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$2
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$3
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$4
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$5
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$6
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$7
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$8
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$9
com/ionicframework/cordova/webview/AndroidProtocolHandler.java
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.AndroidProtocolHandler
org/apache/cordova/contacts/ContactInfoDTO.java
 org.apache.cordova.contacts.ContactInfoDTO
org/apache/cordova/camera/CordovaUri.java
 org.apache.cordova.camera.CordovaUri
com/ionicframework/cordova/webview/WebViewLocalServer.java
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer$1
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer$2
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer$AssetHostingDetails
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer$LazyInputStream
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer$LollipopLazyInputStream
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer$PathHandler
